Prepare release 1.0.0 (#5)
containeroo/helminator: README.md

# Helminator

> 

Reviewer: We could add some badges like docker build, docker image, ...

## TL;DR

Helminator scans your Ansible roles for Helm repositories and versions.
It then checks if there is an update to a given Helm chart availible and sends out a Slack notification.

## Requirements

- Ansible Playbook
- [Ansible Kubernetes Community collection](https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.kubernetes)
- Kubernetes Cluster
- GitLab

## Configration

In the examples directory you can find an example playbook including the required GitLab Ci configuration.

> 

Reviewer: Add a link to a guide on how to create a Slack app

> Helminator takes the following enivironment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helminator takes the following environment variables:
```

|Variable|Description|Example|
|:--------|:-----------|:-------|

> |`HELMINATOR_ROOT_DIR`|Directory to scan (must point to the `roles` directory|`/path/to/playbook/roles`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`HELMINATOR_ROOT_DIR`|Directory to scan|`/path/to/playbook`|
```

# Helminator

## TL;DR

Helminator scans your Ansible roles for Helm repositories and versions.
It then checks if there is an update to a given Helm chart availible and sends out a Slack notification.

## Requirements

- Ansible Playbook
- [Ansible Kubernetes Community collection](https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.kubernetes)
- Kubernetes Cluster
- GitLab
- Slack Application

## Configration

In the examples directory you can find an example playbook including the required GitLab Ci configuration.

Helminator takes the following enivironment variables:

|Variable|Description|Example|
|:--------|:-----------|:-------|
|`HELMINATOR_ROOT_DIR`|Directory to scan (must point to the `roles` directory|`/path/to/playbook/roles`|
|`HELMINATOR_SLACK_API_TOKEN`|Slack API Token|`xorb-abc-def`|
|`HELMINATOR_SLACK_CHANNEL`|Slack channel to send message to|`#kubernetes`|

# Slack App

> To receive Slack notification you must create a Slack Application. See the [official tutorial](https://github.com/slackapi/python-slackclient/blob/master/tutorial/01-creating-the-slack-app.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To receive Slack notifications you have to create a Slack application. Please refer to the [official guide](https://github.com/slackapi/python-slackclient/blob/master/tutorial/01-creating-the-slack-app.md).
```
